Desire to take away our Confucian values
You have to remember
That's him!
Killed your biological parents
He is your enemy.
You must
From his hands
Recover 60
grandfather
Master, please say less
You rest more
And
Lan Lan
When you become adults
You must marry her
I go
He dares to save you
I promise you.
I promise you everything
kneel down
swear
You give it to me too
Swear ok I swear
I, Lu Jingzhi
Swear here
No matter how hard
I will definitely take back the Lu family from Wang Xueqin's mother and daughter
Revenge for my biological parents
I will go to Lanlan
Take care of her and love her for life
If there is a violation
Hard life
Not a good death
Grandpa
Don't go, it's time to go home
Home
I don't have any money
Mr. Meng's board of directors is now in a mess
And there's talk about the will of the CEO of a lot of people
The company is still waiting for you to go back to preside over the university
habit
Let them forget
Then you really won't hang up on the company's affairs.
I care
I take care of big and small things
Who the hell cares about me?